### v0.33.0
- (Routine Maintenance) Updated `rusqlite` from `0.32` to `0.33`.
  - This is a *breaking change,* requiring you to upgrade your `rusqlite` to match - trying to link against two different copies of `libsqlite3` will cause a compile fail.
- The version number for Exemplar now matches the supported `rusqlite` version.

### v0.11.0
- (Routine Maintenance) Updated `rusqlite` from `0.31` to `0.32`.
  - This is a *breaking change,* requiring you to upgrade your `rusqlite` to match - trying to link against two different copies of `libsqlite3` will cause a compile fail.

### v0.10.0
- (Routine Maintenance) Updated `rusqlite` from `0.30.0` to `0.31.0`.
  - This is a *breaking change,* requiring you to upgrade your `rusqlite` to match - trying to link against two different copies of `libsqlite3` will cause a compile fail.

### v0.9.0
- (Routine Maintenance) Updated `rusqlite` from `0.29.0` to `0.30.0`.
  - This is a *breaking change,* requiring you to upgrade your `rusqlite` to match - trying to link against two different copies of `libsqlite3` will cause a compile fail.

### v0.8.0
- (Improvement, **breaking**) The `record` macro no longer derives `Debug` and `Clone`, but now accepts custom attributes (such as derives and doc comments) similar to `sql_enum`.
- Added some additional doc examples.

### v0.7.1
- (Improvement) Tests generated by the `#[check(...)]` attribute now verify that there are no columns that exist in the schema but not in the model. (Previously, it only checked in one direction - verifying that all fields of the model existed in the schema.)
- (Improvement) The `sql_enum` macro now accepts an optional `Type` parameter that can be used to specify the discriminant type. By default, `i64` is still used.
